Updates README to better reflect new Binauth changes (#50)
kartverket/github-workflows: README.md

- Runs Trivy, a comprehensive security scanner. Does not run on draft pull requests.

> - Creates a binary attestation on the supplied image if trivy is run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Creates a binary attestation on the supplied image if Trivy is run.
```

> - Calls the Github Security Code Scanning API and fails with exit code 1 if there are any _high_ or _critical_ errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Calls the GitHub Security Code Scanning API and fails workflow if there are any _high_ or _critical_ errors.
```

- Runs Trivy, a comprehensive security scanner. Does not run on draft pull requests.
- Creates a binary attestation on the supplied image if trivy is run.
- Calls the Github Security Code Scanning API and fails with exit code 1 if there are any _high_ or _critical_ errors.

> - The above step can be overriden using the `allow_severity_level` input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The above step can be configured by specifying the `allow_severity_level` parameter.
```

Jeg mener "overridden" gir litt andre assosiasjoner. Dette steget er mandatory da tilstedeværelsen av en slik attestering er påkrevet :)

Author: Fair, but GitHub uses "input" as the name for things you send into GitHub workflows, so I'd prefer the use of that word :)

Reviewer: Smooth - i changed it to "input parameter". I believe most devs will be familiar with the term:)

      auth_project_number: "123456789123"
      service_account: sa-name@project-dev-123.iam.gserviceaccount.com
      image_url: <registry>/<repository>:<tag> or <registry>/<repository>@<digest> # the image created by build job
      trivy: true # default true, optional
      tfsec: true # default true, optional

>       allow_severity_level: medium

Reviewer: With a security perspective I'd like to argue that a better example would be to tighten the security and not weaken it. Especially for templates and cut and paste examples! :)

Reviewer: nvm, i had that completely wrong

      auth_project_number: "123456789123"
      service_account: sa-name@project-dev-123.iam.gserviceaccount.com

>       image_url: ${{ needs.build.outputs.image_tag_url}} # optional, must have format <registry>/<repository>:<tag>

Reviewer: Documentation of the input parameter `image_url` is not consistent. 

The main issue IMHO is that REAMDE.md duplicates this description. It is well documented in the source file [run-security-scans.yml]([.github](.github/workflows)/run-security-scans.yml)

Author: is the inconsistency whether or not you may use a digest directly or not? not sure i follow

Reviewer: Yes, that's exactly what I had in mind. 
Now realizing this is part of an working example, the inline comment might be a bit misleading here. 
Perhaps it should be `# the image created by build job` or even better removed all together?

Author: I don't mind either way :)

Reviewer: Id say its already well documented, twice actually, and less is more :)
